# Final
Instruction for Running Code:
First, run the code. View a visualization of what days and what times I received my last 100 emails. You will be prompted to enter a search into Youtube. Search something you are interested in knowing what days those videos were uploaded on! Then-chose what color you want the bar graph to appear in.

Goals:
My goals for this project was to get a better understanding of my gmail use and general Youtube use. I wanted to identify when I receive most of my emails (via Gmail) and when most Youtube videos are uploaded (based on subject content). I set out to extract Gmail information and content such as 100 received messages, their date, time window, day of week and message content. I also attempted to extract View Count from each uploaded YouTube video.
I wanted to create easy-to-read visualizations that would accurately depict these findings.  Some of my other goals included that successfully using APIs, effectively caching data and storing information in a database that is easily retrievable. Initially, my goals also included using Facebook, Instagram and Github to extract data but I decided against using them.
Achieved or not?
I successfully achieved these goals and gained a deeper understanding of my incoming email routine and at what time intervals I receive the most emails. Although I didn't extract view count, I was able to extract what day users uploaded videos most frequently to YouTube. I also created accurate visualizations depicting these findings. I achieved many of the goals that I set out to complete- however, I didn't attempt to use APIs to extract data from Facebook, Instagram and Github because I was content with the information I extracted from Gmail and YouTube.

Problems:
Overall, I had a bunch of de-bugging problems. I had difficulty converting the timestamp Gmail offered into understandable date and time format. Furthermore, I initially wanted to extract threads but I noticed that I haven’t had 100 threads in my Gmail account and therefore extracted emails. I also had difficulty identifying how to extract information from Youtube, but after using Youtube’s API help, I was able to successfully extract when videos were uploaded. Lastly, I found it quite difficult to manipulate visualizations on Plotly. I especially found it difficult to switch the bar graph from vertical to horizontal (which ended up being a very easy fix).

Social Media Report:
Based on the visualizations below, it is evident that I receive most of my emails during the afternoon and early morning hours. Furthermore, it is clear that I receive approximately 100 emails every 3 days. Based on the second visualizations it is evident that most Saturday Night Live videos are uploaded on Sunday (with some being uploaded on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday)- however, it is important to note that these only accounts for 50 of the most recent uploads. Furthermore, the Youtube function can give users a deeper understanding of what day any type of video is uploaded (not just SNL subject related videos).
